Mohamed K. Gavin G.

Launching Missile on Button / Key Press
  	Precondition : The solution must launch a missile when the user clicks right mouse button
  	Action : The user clicks the right mouse button
  	Postcondition : The game should launch a missile
  
  	Precondition : The solution must launch a missile when the user clicks space bar
  	Action : The user clicks the space bar
  	Postcondition : The game should launch a missile
  
  	Precondition : The solution must launch a missile when the user clicks right mouse button
  	Action : The user clicks the left mouse button
  	Postcondition : The game should launch a missile
	
Checking Active Missile Count
  	Precondition : The solution must launch a missile when the user clicks right mouse button but no more than 5 missiles.
  	Action : The user clicks the right mouse while theres 4 active missiles
  	Postcondition : The game should launch a missile
  
  	Precondition : The solution must launch a missile when the user clicks right mouse button but no more than 5 missiles.
  	Action : The user clicks the right mouse while theres 5 active missiles
  	Postcondition : The game should not launch a missile

Making Sure Missiles Move Vertically
  	Precondition : The solution must launch a missile vertically. From the bottom of the screen to the top.
  	Action : The missile should move from the bottom of the screen to the top.
  	Postcondition : The missile goes from the bottom to the top of the screen.

Remove the Missile if it Goes off Screen
  	Precondition : If the missile doesnt hit a ship or other object, and goes out of bounds.
  	Action : The missile should be removed from the active missile count.
  	Postcondition : Decrement the missile count
  	
  	Precondition : If the missile doesnt hit a ship or other object.
  	Action : The missile should move out of bounds.
  	Postcondition : If the missile doesnt go out of bounds dont decrement the missile count.
  	
  The Missile Speed Should Remain Constant
  	Precondition : The missile speed should be constant.
  	Action : Measure the speed of the missile.
  	Postcondition : Make sure all missile move at the same speed.
	
The Missile Should Detect When It Hits a Ship
  	Precondition : The missile collides with the ship
  	Action : Display an explosion.
  	Postcondition : The ship disappears and displays an explosion.
  	
  	Precondition : The missile doesnt hit a ship.
  	Action : There is no explosion.
  	Postcondition : The missile count decrements after it goes off screen.
  	
  The Solution Keeps a Count of All Hits
  	Precondition : If a missile kills a ship.
  	Action : The Hit Count Increases
  	Postcondition : The Hit Count should be higher than previosly.
