
TESTING/<DAVID OYANIBI, DERICK EMODI, THOMAS WISE>
BATTLESHIP TESTCASE


1A. Precondition: Game running and the user has missiles
    Action: User right-clicks a space on the game board
          	
    Postcondition: Missile is fired at the desired space

1B. Precondition: Game running and the user has a missile
    Action: User clicks the space bar on the desired space on the board
    Postcondition: Missile is fired at the desired space.

    Precondition: Game running and the user has a missile
    Action: User clicks on a key that isn't the space bar or the right-click.
    Postcondition: Missile is not fired.

1C. Precondition: 5 active missiles in the game
    Action: User fires a new missile
    Postcondition: Oldest missile is removed and replaced with a new one.

1D. Precondition: User has a minimum one active missile
    Action: Missile is fired off-screen
    Postcondition: Missile fired off-screen is made inactive

1E. Precondition: User has 2 missiles
    Action: User fires both missiles, on at a time, to the same spot
    Postcondition: Travel time for both missiles are equal

1F. Precondition: user has an active missile
    Action: User fires missile
    Postcondition: missile appears from the center-bottom screen.

1G. Precondition: User has an active missile
   Action: User fires missiles at the game board
   Postcondition: Missile travels vertically onto the game board

1H. Precondition: the user has an active missile and an enemy ship on the game board
    Action: user fires a missile at the enemy ship
    Postcondition: If a missile hits a ship, register the ship as hit.

    Precondition: User has an active missile
    Action: User fires missiles at space where the enemy ship is not present
    Postcondition: the enemy ship is not hit, and the missile is no longer active.

1I. Precondition: The user has a missile, and an enemy is on the board.
    Action: User fires a missile at the enemy ship.
    Postcondition: when a missile hits the ship, an explosion occurs in space.

1J. Precondition: The user has a missile, and the enemy is on board.
    Action: User fires missile at enemy ship
    Postcondition: When ship is hit, missile is no longer active and ship is destroyed.

1K. Precondition: The user does not have any hits, and has active missiles.
    Action: user hits enemy ship with missile
    Postcondition: user hits counter increment
    
